what's up my friends this is y ND valdez
for Tiger Direct TV with thumb thumb my
first ever GPU review and you know why
I'm so excited because this isn't really
rocking GPU and they're finally letting
me review some stuff right alright so
this is the msi gtx 660ti power edition
this is a crazy GPU card it has triple
over voltage which is an MSI branding
thing and an enhanced p WM design not
bad right so this particular card is
designed and based on the scene chip is
the 676 80 and 690 from Nvidia it's
great for enthusiasts it's great you
know if you're trying to get to the next
level but not trying to spend too much
money so this is really a perfect card
now it also comes with a twin frozer for
this is the fourth edition of the cooler
that's actually mounted onto the GPU
it's a dual fan so the blades are really
cool and we'll get into that as we open
up the package let's check it out so
since this is my first ever GPU card
review I hope that with my research and
with what I've played around with this
card you get just as excited as I am
because this is finally a car that's
affordable enough to buy but has all the
amazing technology as in the 600 series
from Nvidia like I said before it's got
the gk104 chip design so you get all
that greatness like the same clock
speeds the only difference really is
that there is a hundred and ninety-two
bit memory bus on this one versus a
256-bit memory bus on the gtx 670 now it
also has two gigs of gddr5 memory with a
GPU boost which what that does is it
adjusts your clock speeds
depending on the load that you're
putting on the card so you're getting
the best performance for all of your
games and applications it's got
something called adaptive vsync now what
adaptive vsync is it's when your frame
rate goes above the refresh rate of your
monitor the adaptive vsync will turn on
and eliminate the amount of tearing that
you see on your on your picture on your
screen now once the frame rate goes back
down below the monitors refresh rate the
adaptive these sinks turns off there's
also really good idle power consumption
which means you know gamers don't game
all the time maybe all the time but
there are some times when you take a
break and you actually are checking
Facebook or checking your email so this
this card will not overheat or go into
full power when you're doing things like
that it knows when to bring it down a
notch so that you don't waste all these
power or overheat the car do get full
support for nvidia 3d vision surround on
one single card now you have a twin
frozer for this is the fourth edition of
the dual fan cooler on this card which
is really cool and what I want to point
out is the actual blade technology now
if you see the blades are kind of coded
and slanted in a special way what this
does is it allows for reduction of noise
and it allows for better air flow so
you've got less noise more airflow
thanks to that really cool design and
coding on the blade now another thing
that they did here msi is the actual
dust propellant technology now what that
does is the fan spins in full reverse at
system start for about 30 seconds or
until the system drivers load and that's
pretty much how it reduces and removes
dust
and take a look at these pipes these are
really cool the way that msi set this up
is you see you have your your thicker
pipe and you're thinner type now this
pipe which is bigger is the one that's
furthest away from the actual GPU in it
and it takes the heat away so it
transfers the hottest feet away from the
GPU and then the smaller ones actually
carry less heat around the GPU so it
kind of evenly distributes the heat
throughout the entire radiator which is
pretty much covering almost that whole
card now let's take a look at the actual
physical components of this while I take
this out so just like in a 600 series
card you've got dual DVI you've got hdmi
and displayport out now if you come to
the side here you've got to sli
connectors with studs support three-way
GPU configurations and then you've got
the pci express 3.0 now over here on
this side you've got two pci-e six pin
power connectors which you know
considering the efficiency of this car
we don't know why we need to expense but
Hank it's there anyway so it uses a 5
plus 2 phase power design for better
stability when overclocking oh yes you
can overclock this which leads me to the
crown jewels of this car this is the
power edition card which is what
features the triple over voltage so this
is the only
660 that has triple overvoltage this
will over vote the core the PLL and the
memory there won't be another 660 that
will be able to over both the core so
this is what makes it a very unique
unique card all right so what you guys
really want to know is how did this
puppy fair game play and overclocking
and all that stuff now on hard ocp calm
I found a gameplay summary for the msi
gtx 660ti power edition and for
battlefield 3 single player' they said
it was the best playable experience at
2560 by 1600 with FXAA and 16 times the
AF all game settings were turned on now
in battlefield 3 multiplayer it was
playable at 1920 x 1200 with the gtx
660ti tower edition with two times msaa
FX AAA and 16 x AF and all the game
settings are set to ultra now they did
overclock the msi gtx 660ti power
edition and increased performance by
15.1 percent with no gameplay
differences they also played batman
arkham city and the msi gtx 660ti power
edition was best playable at 2560 by
1600 with the FXAA set too high and as
16 times the AF now the physics was set
to normal and all the in-game settings
were set to maximum levels cool one more
thing is is the heat sink here is
amazing it's actually a nickel copper
plated base so the heat does dissipate
very very quickly it will not burn it
will not melt down and I hope that for
my first GPU review here at tigerdirect
TV you guys don't completely battle-ax
me because this is a very very sweet
card I think it's great for that
mid-range price level it's wonderful for
those of you that are just
it up just a much more check this out
it's the msi geforce gtx 660ti
power-efficient right here on
tigerdirect.com if you have any
questions you can email me yendi at
tigerdirect
you